do you wanna get Ebola no no then head
over to mmm oga if you're looking for
cheap ever lab MSP or PSN points they
are so cheap broke use the link in the
description for it cent percent discount
Joe video hi ladies and gentlemen this
is your boy moo moo FIFA HD we back
again for another cheap beast review and
today we gonna talk about the chip
legend hold it yes I don't know if you
say holy Goulet I don't really know but
take it like whole it okay so before we
enter this video I want to talk to you
about something I really won't say is
that I don't really know what kind of
videos you guys like the most on my
channel so i'm gonna leave a strap out
in the link in the description go and
vote so i can know what videos you guys
prefer the most and I can you know give
you what you want cuz I in some videos I
feel like you guys don't really like it
and I understand you can like everything
I do so I'm a little strapped out you go
and out and vote so we can know what to
do on my channel you ready to see the
Beast here it is ladies and gentlemen
his name is part Papa you brought you
know this guy you know him but you never
know that he was he is the cheap who
leads from starts with food and pastas
key moves at hooli I'm medium work click
like cooling as well he starts a dose of
some religion awesome he cost me 45 k
76 page 78 shot 79 passing 83 driven 88
physical whoa waterboard cm let's go and
see his Indian stats those are indium
start of this beast ladies and gentlemen
85 aggression 83 vision 79 agility 87
jump in any strength for 20 years old
boy oh my god it is seven stamina he
also had 88 birkin truth for CM that's
insane it no shot 80 national power bro
I'm tired of the start everything is in
green Wow forces recruiting poster he is
21 years old apparently now he has the
flat and the long shot taker trades and
his specialities our strength and his
son sudo let's go and see what he can do
on the pitch first of all if you know
who lead you know that he can defend and
he can attack and Papa does the same
he's really good at defending like
there's no problem that his strength and
his pace is no help him cover your
defense very easily apart from that bro
attacking ism I don't know he's too good
at attacking he made me like seven
assists in three games 4cm is just too
much ladies and gentleman this guy's
passing is Arlan green 85 87 those kind
of things look at this long shot at his
arraignment bang he's just too good at
taking shot he has 88 long shot at 89
shot power who is not something you can
play with I don't really take long shot
like that but with this guy you have to
take your chance cuz he's not gonna miss
it not a day not a nice because for FK
he is not that cheap Bob broke if you're
looking for cheap gulets this guy is
your man he has four stars WIC foods and
fosters skill moves if you know skills
you don't have fun he can score his left
foot or his right foot with no problem
in this world and also he has nary
strength in the games he was just
bullying defenders like for mu ha visto
skendri defenders there was not any
problem he also have 70 finishing wow it
is even more than some strikers you know
but this guy he can finish so easily
this ribbon is just insane ladies and
gentlemen these guys like g.i.b
not like boost if you boost Diaby you
have Paul Ballard his amendment I swear
to god this guy he made me feel so good
in my in my in my xbox 87 jumping and 81
heading accuracy you don't have fun
scoring headers look at these heels
against her call this guy manggala my
girl who has a lot of heading bomb and
God I wasn't able to cash in on that on
that head and even sex wasn't able to
catch the ball cost the strop he put in
his boss is just phenomenal ladies and
gentlemen this is the last tip I have
with the Beast ladies and gentlemen just
to show you his driven one and two and
then three and you just finished very
easy ladies gentlemen go by this guide
you don't have the coins you know what
to do go back his piece in the game he's
the best CM I've ever used I'm a given
that 10 out of 10 he he has no weakness
and trust me this cm is perfect he is
the best in the game that will be the
end of this video leader in general if
you appreciated please drop a like let's
try to hit 250 plus like for another
beast review follow me on Twitter for
giveaways and subscribe for more videos
like these my name is misty broke
soonest I'm purse